---
title: The Void
layout: post
categories:
  - Art
  - Everything
---

r/promptoftheday hasn't posted anything today, so today's post is my writing for the day. 

This is post number seven here I think. I'm enjoying having a place to dump my thoughts. Even if I haven't done it much yet, it's very pleasant to know that there is somewhere for them to go. That there is no explicit audience is all the better. It's like being in a void, not being able to see or hear anyone around. I'm comfortable saying whatever I wish without fear of being judged by whatever audience there may be, but aware that there may be one. Like shouting out into a black night. It's an odd new contentedness.

My drawing today was marginally successful. Only two figures came out of the session. They were based on proportion instructions in Loomis' Figure Drawing For All It's Worth. I had skipped into the book to find the diagrams I followed. I think that was a mistake. There were interesting sections before and after the pages I referenced, and I don't feel like I was pushing myself very constructively. Before the next drawing session I must read the first chapter or two of this book fully, and follow whatever guidelines Loomis gives with regards to learning technique.

But that won't be tomorrow. Hot date tomorrow.

I also discovered this evening that my late grandmother attended NCAD when she was young. Going to college back then was some achievement, especially for a girl I'm sure. She wasn't fortunate enough to be able to finish her degree. Some day, when this programming shtick finally pays off I'll go back to art school and finish the job.